{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f4\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green42\blue42;
\red147\green5\blue19;\red220\green199\blue200;\red14\green110\blue109;\red244\green244\blue244;\red173\green173\blue173;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red133\green0\blue2;\red17\green137\blue135;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14320\viewh13580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Review Guide: Tables and Emails\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl330\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 Let\'92s review some of the key ideas introduced in this unit. You can also download all this content for future reference by clicking on the attached file.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 Differences Between HTML for Email and HTML for the Web\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl330\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 HTML emails are viewed through an email client and not a web browser.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 HTML emails must be sent from a server or email marketing software.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 HTML emails only use inline styles. There are no external stylesheets.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs24 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 HTML emails cannot contain any scripting or complex CSS transitions.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 HTML Email Tips\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Avoid using divs and floats\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use tables for layout instead\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Keep CSS simple, inline, and sparse\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Employ absolute addresses for all images\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9642 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Apply responsive techniques in your HTML\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 Tables in HTML Emails\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl330\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 Understanding tables is essential for creating layouts in HTML emails. They can be used to create columns and adjust the spacing of content.\cb1 \
\cb3 Tables can be modified with inline CSS styles; however, it's often preferable to modify them with HTML attributes.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Some of the main attributes to modify tables are: border, cellpadding (the HTML attribute equivalent of box-model padding), and cellspacing (the HTML attribute equivalent of box-model margin).\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa480\partightenfactor0

\b\fs44 \cf2 \cb3 Table Elements
\f0\fs34 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9642 
\f2 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 table
\f1 \cf2 \strokec2 : Table \'97 This element has a similar functionality to ordered and unordered lists, in that it's just a wrapper that holds OTHER elements.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2 \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9642 
\f2 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 tr
\f1 \cf2 \strokec2 : Table Row \'97 This element creates a row within which content can be placed.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2 \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9642 
\f2 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 td
\f1 \cf2 \strokec2 : Table Data Cell \'97 This element adds a column to a table. All table content should be placed inside table data cells.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2 \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9642 
\f2 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 th
\f1 \cf2 \strokec2 : Table Heading \'97 content within this element appears bold, which makes it great for headings.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl330\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 Images in HTML Emails\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl330\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Images must be linked-to via an absolute address.
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\i\fs32 \cb3 Translation
\i0\fs24 : Images in your emails must be hosted somewhere on the Internet. They cannot be \'93attached\'94 to an email when you send it.\cb1 \

\b\fs32 \cb3 Images must always have a Title and Alt attribute.
\b0\fs24 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\i\fs32 \cb3 Translation
\i0\fs24 : Think about how many times you\'92ve opened an email to see a bunch of empty space and some plain text written with a prompt from your Email Client to \'93Show Images\'94 (or similar messaging).\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl330\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 If you don\'92t include Alt and Title values for your images, your users may not see the information you want them to.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 CSS in HTML Emails\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl330\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 All CSS used in HTML emails must be inline. This means adding a style attribute to each and every tag you want to alter from its default state. You will also need to introduce some tags to add style to text components that otherwise are not referenced.\cb1 \
\cb3 Generally speaking, colors, height / width, border, padding, and typography (font, text-decoration, text-transform, line-height, etc.) are safe to use in HTML emails.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl330\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Note: There are unfortunately only a small number of fonts that will render in emails. If you want to include more sophisticated fonts (as a logo or Word Art), build the text in design software and then export it as an image file.
\i0\fs24 \cb1 \

\i\fs32 \cb3 Mailchimp provides a list\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://templates.mailchimp.com/design/typography/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b here}}.
\i0\fs24 \cb1 \

\i\fs32 \cb3 For a full breakdown of CSS support for popular mobile, web, and desktop email clients, check out\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.campaignmonitor.com/css/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b this fantastic guide}}\'a0from campaign monitor.
\i0\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 Responsive Design in HTML Emails\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl330\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 Responsive design is all about the ability to use media queries to detect a browser\'92s size and to deliver contextual CSS based on that size.\cb1 \
\cb3 For emails, this means creating messages that can be viewed across devices, be it a desktop mail application or a mobile device.\cb1 \
\cb3 To create a responsive email, include the\'a0
\f2\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 head
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0tag. By doing so, we can add a\'a0
\f2\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 style
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 tag to the\'a0
\f2\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 head
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0and perform a media query.\cb1 \
\cb3 As an example, here\'92s what the code for targeting devices under 480px looks like:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs30 \cf5 \cb6 \strokec5 @\cf7 \cb8 \strokec7 media\cf9 \strokec9  \cf7 \strokec7 only\cf9 \strokec9  \cf7 \strokec7 screen\cf9 \strokec9  \cf7 \strokec7 and\cf9 \strokec9  \cf2 \strokec2 (\cf7 \strokec7 max
\f4\b \cf10 \strokec10 -
\f2\b0 \cf7 \strokec7 device
\f4\b \cf10 \strokec10 -\cf11 \strokec11 width:
\f2\b0 \cf9 \strokec9  \cf12 \strokec12 480\cf7 \strokec7 px\cf2 \strokec2 )\{
\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 \}
\fs28 \
}